README.md, before:

r-cli
=====

CLI for personal automation stuff.

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/r-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/r-cli)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/rubenbase/r-cli/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/rubenbase/r-cli/tree/master)
[![Appveyor CI](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/rubenbase/r-cli?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/rubenbase/r-cli/branch/master)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/rubenbase/r-cli/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/rubenbase/r-cli)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/r-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/r-cli)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/r-cli.svg)](https://github.com/rubenbase/r-cli/blob/master/package.json)

<!-- toc -->
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->
# Usage
<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g r-cli
$ rcli COMMAND
running command...
$ rcli (-v|--version|version)
r-cli/0.0.0 darwin-x64 node-v10.13.0
$ rcli --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ rcli COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->
# Commands
<!-- commands -->
* [`rcli hello [FILE]`](#rcli-hello-file)
* [`rcli help [COMMAND]`](#rcli-help-command)

## `rcli hello [FILE]`

Says hello

```
USAGE
  $ rcli hello [FILE]

OPTIONS
  -f, --force
  -h, --help       show CLI help
  -n, --name=name  name to print

EXAMPLE
  $ rcli hello
  hello world from ./src/hello.ts!
```

_See code: [src/commands/hello.ts](https://github.com/rubenbase/r-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/hello.ts)_

## `rcli help [COMMAND]`

display help for rcli

```
USAGE
  $ rcli help [COMMAND]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMAND  command to show help for

OPTIONS
  --all  see all commands in CLI
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v2.2.1/src/commands/help.ts)_
<!-- commandsstop -->

Commit message:

added command "selectenv" to switch my environment and ssh bastion configurations to frontend or backend based on a flag

README.md, after:

r-cli
=====

CLI for personal automation stuff.

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/r-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/r-cli)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/rubenbase/r-cli/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/rubenbase/r-cli/tree/master)
[![Appveyor CI](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/rubenbase/r-cli?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/rubenbase/r-cli/branch/master)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/rubenbase/r-cli/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/rubenbase/r-cli)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/r-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/r-cli)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/r-cli.svg)](https://github.com/rubenbase/r-cli/blob/master/package.json)

<!-- toc -->
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->
# Usage
<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g r-cli
$ rcli COMMAND
running command...
$ rcli (-v|--version|version)
r-cli/0.0.0 darwin-x64 node-v10.13.0
$ rcli --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ rcli COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->
# Commands
<!-- commands -->
* [`rcli hello [FILE]`](#rcli-hello-file)
* [`rcli help [COMMAND]`](#rcli-help-command)
* [`rcli selectenv [FRONT]`](#rcli-selectenv-front)

## `rcli hello [FILE]`

Says hello

```
USAGE
  $ rcli hello [FILE]

OPTIONS
  -f, --force
  -h, --help       show CLI help
  -n, --name=name  name to print

EXAMPLE
  $ rcli hello
  hello world from ./src/hello.ts!
```

_See code: [src/commands/hello.ts](https://github.com/rubenbase/r-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/hello.ts)_

## `rcli help [COMMAND]`

display help for rcli

```
USAGE
  $ rcli help [COMMAND]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMAND  command to show help for

OPTIONS
  --all  see all commands in CLI
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v2.2.1/src/commands/help.ts)_

## `rcli selectenv [FRONT]`

Pass `front` or `back` to this command to switch environments

```
USAGE
  $ rcli selectenv [FRONT]

OPTIONS
  -e, --name=name  name of the environment you want to switch to
  -h, --help       show CLI help

EXAMPLE
  $ rcli selectenv -e [front | back]
       [Frontend | Backend] configuration loaded!
```

_See code: [src/commands/selectenv.ts](https://github.com/rubenbase/r-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/selectenv.ts)_
<!-- commandsstop -->
